Let us write a  program to take a number and display digits of a number one by one.
So for that I am taking a variable n here, and here and I'll give a message "enter a number" then cin take a
number from the keyboard in variable n.
now How we can take out a digit from a number is I can take the remainder.
So for that I'll go up and declare one more variable .
that is a remainder.
Now this can be done using a loop.
While n is not equal to zero means it should stop when n becomes equal to zero.
That's what I should do every time
is reminder r assign n Mod 10, if you perform mod operation using 10 than I will get the last digit
of a number then number should be divided by 10.
cout r that's it.
Outside the loop I will say cout endl to give a new line.
Let us run this program here its asking for a number I will give a number that is 2 3 5.
See I got that number as 5 and 3 and 2.
Now here inside the code after displaying a remainder I'll give endL So every digit i will get it
in a new line, enter a number: 8 7 3.
So I get 3 7 8.
So I'm getting individual digits of a number.
So it is starting from the last digit next.
So this a program for displaying digits of a number one by one starting from the last digit instead
of displaying digits.
What I do is I add all the digits of the number so far that I should declare one variable sum and that
is initialized to zero.
And every time I should store r in sum, there is end of loop I will say sum I'll just display sum.
Let us see what i will get.
If a number is 2 3 5 then the sum of these digits is two plus three plus five.
is 10 let us see, Yeah they got the correct answer.
So it is displaying sum of the digits of a number.
I will run once again, now i will give the digits as 1 2 and 9 so that some will be 12.
Yes.
I got the answer as 12.
So this is showing the sum of the digits of a number.
The one thing I do is, when ever I am adding remainder, I'll multiply this sum by ten and then add
let us see what happens to our number.
If I give a number as 1 3 4 so i got 431 as a single number.
Let us try again with another number.
Now the number is 7 3 9.
So I got 9 3 7.
Whenever I am adding remainder, i'm multiplying the sum value by 10.
So this is giving me reverse of a number.
So just for name sake I will change the variable name as rev.
So this is not sum this is a reverse of a number.
So this is the logic for reverse of a number.
Now i will give you a exercise here.
You take a number and display a number in words.
For example if you are giving number 245 then it should display two four five, it should display it in words
two four five.
So hint here is that you can take out the last digit five and then four then and two.
So you can take out like this so you'll be if you want you can display those numbers in words by using
switch case.
So which you have already seen.
So whatever the remainder you are getting you can see Case 1 then cout one and break.
So like this you can make cases for all the digits so it will display a word for each digit.
But the problem here is that if I do it in this loop then I'll be getting the digits from the backside.
Then what I should do I should reverse the number and then again take out digits of a rev number
number and display it in words.
So this is an exercise for you and you can try this program by yourself.